Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBCollection-deleteMany.txt

MongoDB\\Collection::deleteMany()
=================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Delete multiple documents in a collection using `deleteMany()` with options for collation, hint, and write concern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Delete multiple documents in a collection with the MongoDB PHP Library with options for collation, hint, and write concern.
```
